Task: Physics
Description: Debian Med packages for medical physicists
 This metapackage contains dependencies for a
 collection of software and documentation which is useful for
 medical physicists in radiation oncology, diagnostics imaging
 and related fields.

Depends: paw++
Why:     Just depend from the user friendly version because it is easier to
         povide a menu item

Depends: paw
Why:     This is for the purists with exactly the same functionality as paw++

Suggests: paw-demos

Depends: octave3.2

Depends: r-base
X-Comment: removed " | r-base-core" which desturbs tasks page and does not
           harm to just use the metapackage in the dependency list
Why:     "r-base" is a metapackage and it is better to have a default
         alternative -- Dirk Eddelbuettel <edd@debian.org>

Depends: biosig
Homepage: http://biosig.sf.net
License: GPL
WNPP: 251868
Responsible: NeuroDebian Team <team@neuro.debian.net>
Pkg-Description: library for biomedical signal processing
 BioSig is an open source software library for biomedical signal
 processing, featuring for example the analysis of biosignals such as
 the electroencephalogram (EEG), electrocorticogram (ECoG),
 electrocardiogram (ECG), electrooculogram (EOG), electromyogram
 (EMG), respiration, and so on. Major application areas are:
 Neuroinformatics, brain-computer interfaces, neurophysiology,
 psychology, cardiovascular systems and sleep research. The aim of the
 BioSig project is to foster research in biomedical signal processing
 by providing open source software tools for many different
 applications. Generally, many concerns have to be addressed in this
 scientific field. BioSig handles this by providing solutions for data
 acquisition, artifact processing, quality control, feature
 extraction, classification, modeling, data visualization, and so on.
 .
 BioSig consists of some (more or less) coherent parts, for more
 details take a look at the project page:
  * BioSig for Octave and Matlab (biosig4octmat): A toolbox for Octave
    and Matlab with powerful data import and export filters, feature
    extraction algorithms, classification methods, and a powerful
    viewing and scoring software.
  * BioSig for C/C++ (biosig4c++) containing:
    reading and writing routines for different biosignal data formats.
    - libbiosig - a library for reading and writing of a number of data
      formats. libbiosig is used by save2gdf, mexSLOAD and SigViewer
    - save2gdf - a converter between different data formats, and can be used
      to show the header information
    - mexSLOAD is a MEX-interface for loading biosignal data into Octave
      (its much faster than the pure M-tools from biosig4octmat). It requires
      Octave-headers and libbiosig
  * SigViewer (sigviewer): A stand-alone viewing and scoring software for
    biosignals (especially for EEG signals) based on C++ and the
    platform-independent GUI toolkit Qt 4.
  * rtsBCI (rtsbci): A real-time BCI system implemented in Matlab and
    Simulink.
  * BioProFeed (bioprofeed)
  * BCIx (bcix)
Published-Title: BioSig: A Free and Open Source Software Library for BCI Research
Published-Authors: 10.1109/MC.2008.407
Published-In: Computer, 41(10): 44-50
Published-Year: 2008
Published-URL: http://hci.tugraz.at/~schloegl/publications/Schloegl2007_BCI_Software.pdf
Published-DOI: 10.3389/neuro.11.003.2009
X-Institution: Institute for Human-Computer Interfaces, University of Technology Graz

Depends: gate
Homepage: http://www.opengatecollaboration.org
License: LGPL
WNPP: 431425
Responsible: Nicolas Spalinger <nicolas.spalinger@healthgrid.org>
Pkg-Description: Geant4 Application for Emission Tomography
 GATE incorporates the Geant4 libraries in a modular, versatile, and
 scripted simulation toolkit which is adapted to the field of nuclear
 medicine both in PET (Positron Emission Tomography) and SPECT (Single
 Photon Emission Computer Tomography). It allows the accurate description
 of time-dependent phenomena such as source or detector movement and
 source decay kinetics. The ability to synchronize all time-dependent
 components allows a coherent description of the acquisition process. It
 makes it possible to perform realistic simulations of data acquisitions
 in time.


Depends: openvibe
Homepage: http://openvibe.inria.fr
License: LGPL
WNPP: 580247
Pkg-Description: platform for the design, test and use of BCI
 OpenViBE enables to design, test and use Brain-Computer Interfaces (BCI).
 OpenViBE is a software for real-time neurosciences (that is, for
 real-time processing of brain signals). It can be used to acquire, filter,
 process, classify and visualize brain signals in real time.
