Task: Practice
Description: Debian Med packages for practice management
 This metapackage contains dependencies for a collection of software
 which might be helpful for practitioners to manage their practice.

Depends: gnumed-client

Depends: gnumed-server

Depends: libchipcard-tools
Why: Reading German "Gesundheitskarte"

Depends: aeskulap

Suggests: libctapimkt0

Depends: freediams

Depends: r-cran-medadherence

Depends: medintux
Homepage: http://medintux.org/medintux/en/
License: CeCILL (free)
Pkg-Description: Medical practice management system
 MedinTux is a powerful medical software, multiuser (using MySQL for data storage),
 easy-to-use, complete, working from the GP to the hospital.
 .
 Help wanted: Unfortunately, MedinTux is written in french, closing its use to many
 countries in the world. Help is wanted to translate
 .
  * The GUI (directly in the source code, which will be reverse translated later
    to french, using Qt Linguist)
  * The documentation and installation instructions
 .
 Any person with real french to english skill is wellcome.
 Please, contact Gérard Delafond : gerard-at-delafond.org

Depends: mirth
Homepage: http://www.mirthproject.org/
License: MPL 1.1
Pkg-Description: HL7 integration engine
 "Swiss army knife" HL7 integration engine. Specifically designed for
 HL7 message integration, Mirth provides the necessary tools for developing,
 deploying, and monitoring interfaces.
 .
 Filtering can be performed on incoming messages using the default message
 filters that are included with Mirth, or your own custom filtering scripts.
 Mirth's web interface makes it easy to write new scripts by proving a
 template and editing field that allows you to validate your script code.
 Mirth also supports filters written in Java if you require more complex
 filtering options.

Depends: tinyheb
Homepage: http://tinyheb.sourceforge.net/
License: GPL
Pkg-URL: http://home.arcor.de/thomas.baum/tinyheb/source/
Pkg-Description: billing system for midwives
 This billing system enables midwives to exchange data with health
 insurances in Germany (compliant to §302 SGB V).

Ignore: clearhealth
Homepage: http://www.clear-health.com/
License: GPL
Pkg-Description: medical practice management
 For larger practices or those with multiple locations ClearHealth
 Advantage is an enterprise scalable system to meet the most demanding
 needs.
 .
 The ClearHealth medical suite now offers a next generation set of
 capabilities to practices large and small. Combining best of breed
 scheduling, patient management, EMR, reporting, document storage,
 labs, prescriptions and billing it gives you the tools you need to
 effectively run your practice and keep your focus where it counts, on
 improving patient care.
 .
 With support for a huge variety of payers and clearing houses you
 have many options in who you can bill electroncally. Paper forms
 support for the HCFA (CMS 1500) format as well as UB92 support.
 Scheduling
 .
 Practice management begins with scheduling, while not specifically a
 medical problem as any doctor knows there are several unique aspects
 of medical scheduling that can make life miserable for the front end
 staff. ClearHealth scheduling was built from the ground up in close
 consultation with medical professionals to ensure that it meets those
 special needs. Being extremely flexible you can schedule based on
 providers, rooms, or equipment across facilities and regions.
Comment: I do not really remember why this is set to "Ignore" - my
 only guess is that it once was GPL and now the homepage quoted above
 seems to provide some proprietary software.  Some investigation might
 be needed (at).
 .
 The guessing above is manifested by the fact that the source code
 repository of clearhealth which was linked from http://www.op-en.org/
 vanished.

Depends: mirrormed
Homepage: http://www.mirrormed.org/
License: GPL
Pkg-Description: EHR and practice management system
 MirrorMed is a free and open source EHR and practice management
 system written in PHP. MirrorMed is a web-based application that is
 capable of running a healthcare practice. MirrorMed shares code with
 FreeMED, and OpenEMR. MirrorMed is primarily sponsored by SynSeer.

Depends: elexis
Homepage: http://sourceforge.net/projects/elexis
License: Eclipse Public License
WNPP: 570433
Responsible: Niklaus Giger <niklaus.giger@member.fsf.org>
Language: Java (Eclipse Rich Client Platform)
Pkg-Description: medical practice managemant system for use in Switzerland
 An Eclipse RCP program for all aspects of a medical practice:
 electronic medical record (EMR), laboratory findings etc., as well as
 accounting, billing (swiss TARMED-System, other systems to be
 developped) and other daily work.

Depends: freeb
Homepage: http://freeb.org/
License: GPL
Pkg-Description: Medical Bill formating module
 FreeB is Medical Bill formating module. It is designed to be used with any
 EHR system that tracks basic demographics, procedure codes and diagnosis
 codes. An EHR sends the basic billing data to FreeB using a simple XML-based
 interface (XML-RPC or SOAP as needed). FreeB then handles the bill formating
 and bill revision. FreeB has standard templates for X12 837, HFCA 1500 (now
 the NPI modified CMS-1500) and UB-92 series formats. FreeB is designed so that
 it can send bills to a printer, to a payers web interface, or to a
 clearinghouse. FreeB also performs bill revision, as you modify the claim
 data in order to meet the payor requirements, FreeB keeps track of those
 changes over time so that you can easily see the progression of the claim
 over time. The current version of FreeB is written in PHP and uses the Smarty
 template language for bill templates. FreeB has a web interface that allows
 users to modify any aspect of a claim, and send groups of claims in different
 directions.
 .
 FreeB 1.0 (Perl) is still used by the OpenEMR project. FreeB 1.0 was rewritten
 as REMITT which used by the FreeMED project.

Depends: freemed
Homepage: http://www.freemedsoftware.org/
License: GPL
Pkg-URL: http://downloads.sourceforge.net/freemed/freemed_0.8.4-1_all.deb?use_mirror=mesh
Pkg-Description: Electronic Medical Record and Practice Management system
 Electronic Medical Record and Practice Management system for medical providers
 that runs in any web browser in multiple languages. It provides an XML-RPC
 backend and multiple import and export formats, as well as reporting and other
 features.

Depends: elementalclinic
Homepage: http://www.elementalclinic.com/
License: GPL2+
Responsible: Hans Dieter Pearcey <hdp@opensourcery.com>
Pkg-URL: http://svn.opensourcery.com/public/ubuntu/pool/main/e/elementalclinic/
Pkg-Description: Electronical Medical Health record system for mental health
 Elemental Clinic is medical records management system for mental health
 professionals.
 .
  * Implement an affordable web-based alternative to paper records keeping
  * Train and support clinicians to get the most from your EMR
  * Customize software to fit unique practice needs

Depends: openemr
Homepage: http://www.oemr.org/
License: GPL
Pkg-URL: http://www.openmedsoftware.org/wiki/OpenEMR_3.1_Ubuntu-Debian_Package_Installation
Pkg-Description: medical practice management
 OpenEMR is a free medical practice management, electronic medical records, prescription
 writing, and medical billing application. These programs are also referred to as
 electronic health records.  It is a free open source replacement for medical applications
 such as Medical Manager, Health Pro, and Misys. It features support for EDI billing to
 clearing houses such as MedAvant and ZirMED using ANSI X12. Medical claim and accounts
 receivable are accomplished through SQL-Ledger, which has been customized. Calendar
 features include categories for appointment types, colors associated with appointment
 types, repeating appointments, and the ability to restrict appointments based on type.
 There are customizable medical encounter forms, support for voice recognition software,
 and electronic or scanned digital document management for records.
 .
 The community is dedicated to guarding OpenEMR's status as a free, open source software
 solution for medical practices. Its members are comprised of software developers, as well
 as physicians and those with extensive medical and billing knowledge, all with the common
 goal of making OpenEMR a viable alternative to its proprietary counterparts.
 .
 The OpenEMR community strives to work together to create a high-quality electronic medical
 record and practice management system. Through open collaboration, the community is molding
 a stable, yet continuously improving product, thanks to the efforts of developers across
 the globe, brought together by their tenacity and the connectivity of the Internet.

Depends: clearhealth
Homepage: http://www.op-en.org/site/clearhealth
License: GPL
Pkg-Description: Medical practice management system
 ClearHealth is a Ppractice Management System to address the big five features: Medical
 Billing, Medical Accounts Recievable, Scheduling, Access Control, and EMR.

Suggests: openpms
Homepage: http://sourceforge.net/projects/openpms
License: GPL
Pkg-Description: medical billing, scheduling, and account management system
 HIPAA compliant medical billing, scheduling, and account management system. Integrated
 with x12 standard electronic transactions, OpenBilling XML standards, and hcfa-1500
 legacy support. Complete cross platform performance with java 2 standards.
Remark: Status of this software
 This project has not issued any release since March 2004 and
 thus might be considered dead.  There are some chances to cherry pick some code from
 SourceForge repository.

Suggests: resmedicinae
Homepage: http://resmedicinae.sourceforge.net/
License: GPL:
Pkg-Description: comprising software solution for use in medicine
 Res Medicinae is to become a comprising software solution for use in Medicine which combines
 intuitive ease of use with great flexibility, reached through the usage of CYBOP technology.
 It wants to adhere to common standards for medical software, wherever useful, and will thus
 be open to other systems. Using the CYBOL language, users are enabled to, themselves, modify
 applications.
 .
 Res Medicinae is the attempt to overcome high pricing in the realm of Medical Information
 Systems and to provide users with a free, stable, secure, platform-independent, extensive
 system.
 .
 This project does not provide a complete solution for medical practice. It will take another
 couple of years before being so far.

Suggests: sqlclinic
Homepage: http://www.sqlclinic.net/
License: GPL
Pkg-Description: intranet solution for Saint Vincents Catholic Medical Centers of New York
 This is a complete clinical and administrative application for providers of psychiatric
 housing, although the software is designed to accommodate an entire Community Mental Health
 Care Center (CMHC) or private practitioners (both clinical social workers and psychiatrists)
 working in behavioral health. Technical support is free via mailing lists. Support contracts
 are available from Saint Vincent Catholic Medical Centers of New York.
 .
 Features:
  * Administrative Tools
  * Built In DBA Utilities
  * Complete Clinical Chart
  * Email Alerts, Reports and Reminders
  * Intake and Placement Tracking
  * Integrated DSM IV
  * Quality Assurance Instruments
  * Purchase Orders
  * Unit (Shift) Logs
  * Work Orders

X-Comment: torch seems to be dead (last release in 2004)
 Sourceforge page: http://sourceforge.net/projects/op-torch/

X-Comment: Circare project seems to be dead

X-Comment: OIO project seems to be dead
 Homepage: http://www.txoutcome.org/

X-Comment: Open PM ToolWorks seems to be dead

Suggests: openrep
Homepage: http://www.homeopathyonline.org/about_OpenRep.html
License: GPLv3 or later
WNPP: 533044
Responsible: Y Giridhar Appaji Nag <appaji@debian.org>
Pkg-Description: software for homeopathic repertorization and viewing materia medicae
 OpenRep is a Java desktop application designed to serve as a homeopathic
 software with capabilities to open and use multiple repertories, perform
 repertorizations and view its results, manage patients and view different
 materia medicae. It is also designed to save and load data in human readable
 xml format.
Remark: scientific use?
 Please read the thread about homeopathic software on the Debian Med mailing
 list starting at http://lists.debian.org/debian-med/2009/06/msg00028.html .

Depends: proteus
Homepage: http://proteme.org/
License: EPL
Pkg-Description: clinical decision support guidelines model
 Proteus is a software technology that allows creating clinical executable
 decision support guidelines with little effort. Once a guideline for a
 condition has been created, it can be executed to provide stepwise advice
 for any patient having that condition.
